docs(readme): Enhance "Necessary Changes" section of `README.md` (#1)
TelestionTeam/template-telestion-application: README.md

## Necessary Changes

* [ ] `settings.gradle` - set `rootProject.name`
* [ ] `Dockerfile` - replace `TelestionTemplate` in the CMD block by the new project's name (they must match exactly!)

> * [ ] `build.gradle` - replace `group` by your group name (it is recommended to follow Java [package naming conventions](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/java/package/namingpkgs.html), i.e., beginning with the company url in reverse)

Reviewer: Maybe you could add a link to group naming conventions in maven central and not only package naming conventions

Author: Good idea, I'll look that up 🙂

Author: ```suggestion
* [ ] `build.gradle` - replace `group` by your group name (it is recommended to follow [Maven Central `groupId` naming conventions](https://maven.apache.org/guides/mini/guide-naming-conventions.html), i.e., beginning with the company url in reverse)
```

> * [ ] `.github/workflows/publishImage.yml` - update `ORGANIZATION_OR_USER_NAME/REPO_NAME/IMAGE_NAME`. Here, `IMAGE_NAME` doesn't have to match the project's name, but has to follow the rules for Docker Image names, cf. https://docs.docker.com/docker-hub/repos/#creating-repositories.

Reviewer: I prefer a link to the github docker tutorial because it describes the naming scheme more precisely

Author: I'd love to, but I didn't find naming rules within GitHub... Do you, by any chance, have a link to that?
